thank you very much actually I'm an
enforcement what's gonna happen now
actually it's gonna add a file a cat
picture to his ipfs repo and this
gentleman Blake is gonna request it so
actually could you add this to your
octopus repo please through the medium
of unwrapping the file ah God you got
puredata there block that's incredible
so it's lucky its kind of lucky that
this cat picture was chunked into a
single block that was very convenient
for the purposes of this demo but you
know chunking algorithm we can set the
block block size large and it turns out
that when you added it it's very curious
but the hash came up as QM cap yes that
is a complete coincidence so you now
have a block in your block store we can
say and if it's got a CID yeah very
exciting you guys do you okay you guys
are peers do you want my picture all
right
see this little thing this is a
manifestation of his desire this is a
this is a what this message it's kind of
underwhelming actually I know because he
isn't pretty small but we should do is
you should throw that actually amazing
actually what does it said on it he
wants key okay
do you do you have it I think you
totally can you throw em captain yep now
obviously you still find cap because of
computers
[Laughter]
myself right so you got some data from
the network how do you know what it is
amazing job done so we just saw a blob
get traded there was a one list and
blocking back a demo almost so trivial
yeah well maybe I left out some key
details for the purposes of Education so
you received a block from the network it
but it didn't come with a CID because
would you would you trust a random
stranger on the Internet to tell you
what the thing was called yes you would
but do you think we should write
software that just trusts daya that
comes in no say what you've got from
from actually it was a block didn't have
this big old CID on it you'll notice the
attention to detail here this CID is on
a large card well you got what actually
actually sent to you let's rewind so you
have a block in your block store with a
CID very cool when you make you a copy
of it and send it as a bit swap blocks
message what you put on it is not the
CID but the recipe by which you can
construct the CID whoo now notice that
the recipe is smaller than the CID as
well so if I send you a CID you
shouldn't trust it a B if you shouldn't
trust it why send it at all so what
you're gonna send is they did with the
recipe let's go at the thing you want
this we can assume at and you caught it
yeah what are you gonna do got a recipe
and a block you can t-man use the recipe
which includes the multi hash header to
tell you which hashing function to use
and what
preferably - sure sure that's not what
you got and it isn't what you asked for
because you express CID which included
the inspected hashing function that
would have been used sorry I'm sorry but
that's Blake to you next time yeah so
you're gonna hash the incoming data
you're gonna discover by giving the
recipe that it is in fact cue and cat
and then there's one last step that you
did which is okay I have independently
verified that the data that has arrived
I've to write the CID I didn't trust
your city no offense just got a check
and then there's wrong step you had a 1
list you sent it out this message got
sent you received it I mean the message
is dead but in your head you just catch
this block and it said it's Q cap you're
like I was waiting for QM cat that's
totally around and then you stick it in
your should that have come through with
a CID that you weren't expecting you
might have dropped it on the floor so as
an example you've got this hey can I
have Q and cat what do you guys do
thanks guys so I take the recipe I hash
it discovers QK I look at my list I say
yes finally I'm cute cat and then this
one comes in they're like oh my god
recipe oh this kid
so if it's online that's essentially
what happens if you get a block that
you've already received right basically
there's no longer on your want list drop
on the floor that way people can't just
send the blocks and have you store them
what if I send em I want this but it's
it's 4qm dog in the situation that I
threw out my want list to all and sundry
I don't get response pretty quickly
okay I know about QM holder like do you
know how to provide this and cause he be
like no but I know about Q and Cathy she
might know key of Cathy who can provide
this and she see me like Zack got this
that's got this that's not here sorry
Theo Theo's got this and then Theo I
connect to you I send you my what list
and then you send me the book it's okay
let's we can imagine that happening yes
thank you the other random philosophy Oh
for not
sorry all right that was the up
dance
hope you're feeling a little fresher
feel free to ask questions